My project is about a current software which is called Nell this stands for Network Enhanced Learning in Lectures this is currently used to give students a superior experience with their learning by allowing questions to be asked in lectures anonymously. This is a modern approach to develop audience engagement.

Problem addressed was to develop an updated version of the software, and the idea I came up with was to develop a mobile application for students to replace the website application students were currently using.

The reason for choosing this project was more than just to develop a mobile application for the existing Nell system. There are many student applications with features that Nell offers. But as a student when using the software, there were many bugs which I had come across which I will be sharing with you in this report. Technology has come a long way, and we should appreciate software which helps our daily events, assist with our disabilities, help shy users and ones which are just not as confident.

I believe updating such software will improve the quality of learning and results in an interactive class. The advantages of updating this software are more than just convenience. This could help people with social distancing. This application can make a big difference to universities if the correct features are added.

The reason for this idea, in the beginning, was to create a more convenient application which users could quickly log into and see the content and answer the questions given in the lectures. This was designed to be used in lectures, but now as the idea was an application, it has made it possible for users to answer the questions whenever they are free and in their own time.

The motivation in making this application began as a student. Students download many applications to help with their studies to make it more convenient such as the timetable application this is used, so we do not have to go on a browser and log in to blackboard and see what events we have in the day, The application allows notifications which appear on the smartphone. Blackboard is used for multiple purposes, but the primary purpose is to view lecture content; there is an application for this which is convenient. I have also looked into this to implement a link to go on the browser version. Having this in consideration, the application was made to implement similar features so students could use the application and not having to uninstall it after the class as it has multiple uses.
